{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red41\green101\blue168;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Citations:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Libraries: \
H. Wickham. ggplot2: elegant graphics for data analysis. Springer New York, 2009.\
Hadley Wickham (2015). stringr: Simple, Consistent Wrappers for Common String Operations. R package version 1.0.0. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://cran.r-project.org/package=stringr"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://CRAN.R-project.org/package=stringr}}\
Hadley Wickham (2011). The Split-Apply-Combine Strategy for Data Analysis. Journal of Statistical Software, 40(1), 1-29. URL{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.jstatsoft.org/v40/i01/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://www.jstatsoft.org/v40/i01/}}.\
Hadley Wickham and Romain Francois (2015). dplyr: A Grammar of Data Manipulation. R package version 0.4.3. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://cran.r-project.org/package=dplyr"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://CRAN.R-project.org/package=dplyr}}\
Barret Schloerke, Jason Crowley, Di Cook, Heike Hofmann, Hadley Wickham, Francois Briatte, Moritz Marbach and Edwin Thoen (2014). GGally: Extension to ggplot2.. R package version 0.5.0. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://cran.r-project.org/package=GGally"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://CRAN.R-project.org/package=GGally}}\
Baptiste Auguie (2015). gridExtra: Miscellaneous Functions for \'93Grid\'94 Graphics. R package version 2.0.0. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://cran.r-project.org/package=gridExtra"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://CRAN.R-project.org/package=gridExtra}}\
Ari B. Friedman (2014). taRifx.geo: Collection of various spatial functions. R package version 1.0.6. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://cran.r-project.org/package=taRifx.geo"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://CRAN.R-project.org/package=taRifx.geo}}\
D. Kahle and H. Wickham. ggmap: Spatial Visualization with ggplot2. The R Journal, 5(1), 144-161. URL {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://journal.r-project.org/archive/2013-1/kahle-wickham.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://journal.r-project.org/archive/2013-1/kahle-wickham.pdf}}\
Martin Elff (2015). memisc: Tools for Management of Survey Data, Graphics, Programming, Statistics, and Simulation. R package version 0.97.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://cran.r-project.org/package=memisc"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://CRAN.R-project.org/package=memisc}}\
Stack Overflow Posts:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4350440/split-a-column-of-a-data-frame-to-multiple-columns"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4350440/split-a-column-of-a-data-frame-to-multiple-columns}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://stackoverflow.com/questions/12910218/set-specific-fill-colors-in-ggplot2-by-sign"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 https://stackoverflow.com/questions/12910218/set-specific-fill-colors-in-ggplot2-by-sign}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10128617/geocodes-if-characters-in-string-in-r"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10128617/geocodes-if-characters-in-string-in-r}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15624656/labeling-points-in-geom-point-graph-in-ggplot2"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15624656/labeling-points-in-geom-point-graph-in-ggplot2}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://stats.stackexchange.com/questions/18233/using-predict-function-in-r"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 https://stats.stackexchange.com/questions/18233/using-predict-function-in-r}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1296646/how-to-sort-a-dataframe-by-columns"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1296646/how-to-sort-a-dataframe-by-columns}}\
Polling Data:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://elections.huffingtonpost.com/pollster/2016-california-republican-presidential-primary"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://elections.huffingtonpost.com/pollster/2016-california-republican-presidential-primary}}#!partisanship=N&estimate=custom\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://elections.huffingtonpost.com/pollster/2016-california-democratic-presidential-primary"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://elections.huffingtonpost.com/pollster/2016-california-democratic-presidential-primary}}#!maxdate=2015-11-21&partisanship=N&estimate=custom\
Other: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.geo.ut.ee/aasa/LOOM02331/heatmap_in_R.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://www.geo.ut.ee/aasa/LOOM02331/heatmap_in_R.html}}\
}